These sunglasses are too shiny.
A hunch is an instinctive feeling.
A wand gets its magic from the intention of its wielder.
The crowd gave the winner a round of applause.
It's four a.m. and both of us would rather be asleep.
He's letting the fame get to his head.
He hung a picture on the wall.
She dreamed of one day having the flexibility to take a day off whenever she felt sick.
The earth is far larger than the moon.
She was very bad at keeping these plants alive.
I just think he didn't execute it the way he needed to today.
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
If you don't tell me where he went, I am going to start crying.
I like your haircut.
I brought home the trophy.
I like crawfish but oysters suck.
He took a thirty-minute shower, and by the time he stepped out, his fingers were as wrinkled as prunes.
I can't believe you went skydiving last week.
He had pink and green hair.
Stand up and catch that ball!
She was really into Harry Potter as a kid, but then she heard about the controversy with J.K. Rowling.
The air conditioner stayed in the window well into December.
Tom forgot his shopping list and only got half of what he wanted to.
My favorite dress was when I spilled ketchup on it last night.
He lives on this street.
I'm going to Lollapalooza.
Having a monkey is illegal.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
I don't wash the dishes.
The crowd gave the winner a round of applause.
If only I could fly.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
Cutting down on sugar will help you lose weight.
The car crash was so instantaneous that I barely had time to process it.
They could be together.
Sit down and cross your legs, please!
I can't find the page you're talking about.
Stand up and catch that ball!
She wanted a week or two off of work, just to try to reduce her stress level.
The lake looked brown and foamy, like the water was filled with sand.
There've been some big changes made around here recently.
That's a huge load off my mind.
He is in his normal clothes.
She hated Christmas, all the more so because her parents loved it.
Daya chose a song from the list to sing.
I spread the map on the table.
We are buzzing on this espresso.
I just took a nap.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
Sometimes my wife thinks of things I did in the past that made her mad, and she gets mad all over again.
His room had white walls, a small bed, a mirror, a metal sink, and a metal toilet in it.
The tall girl tied her tennis shoes and went outside.
I'll make a list and give it to Samantha.
He was in a bluegrass band with his father.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
My son lives in London.
The castle is on top of a cliff.
I'd like us to repair our differences.
I think we've got just enough time to learn a few more irregular verbs.
He didn't want to go to the party, but he had already said he would go.
The swan is a beautiful bird.
My mom drives a green jeep and my dad drives a black truck.
Bobsled is a sporting event.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
She disliked her husband.
Nikita is a perfectly respectable businessman.
We're no different from anyone else.
The laptop light was the only one light on the room.
The Pearl Tower in Shanghai is one of the most memorable sites in China.
I have my hair cut every month.
I don't think you did a good enough job.
Bailey wishes he had a nicer car.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
She learned the different types of clouds in second grade.
Do you have this in a bigger size?
Could this be the start of something big?
Shape up or ship out!
Go sit on the roof!
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
A white shirt makes people look tan.
I like blueberries and mangoes but not strawberries.
You have some schoolwork to do.
She had a grudge against GrubHub.
Everybody is expecting a bonus.
It had been so long since she had seen him, she actually had to check the yearbook to remember his last name.
He made tuna noodle casserole for their first anniversary dinner, not realizing she found it disgusting.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
The parents went out without the kids for once.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
They don't take care of that dog.
He had always thought that the back of cars looked like faces.
I need a tiny little favor.
Her paintings are works of art.
She likes scrambled egg whites, but not scrambled eggs.
Can you come over now?
Are your grandparents still living?
A skirt can be fancier than jeans.
Would you like a nice warm slice of apple pie?
Those birds keep flying around the house.
These sunglasses are too shiny.
I'm going to the nearest McDonalds to get some food.
Shit's about to hit the fan.
If you weren't such a jerk, I'd like you.
There are more cockroaches in your kitchen than there are ants in the Amazon.
This is the way to go.
Come to the dark side, we'll have cookies.
Bro, don't follow me, I'm lost too !
The proof of this statement is incorrect.